hi I'm dr. Tom Barnes Newport Beach
cosmetic surgeon back with you today
we're talking about cell therapy using
the power of your own body to heal
yourself and today we're going to do is
use PRP this is platelet-rich plasma
right here and we just take some blood
from our patient and we spin it down and
then it has fibrin platelets and plasma
in here which has a lots of natural body
proteins in it for healing and in this
case what we're going to do I've already
pulled it out and this is what it is in
a syringe today we're going to do we're
going to use it to thicken hair there's
plenty of data on this you take PRP
particularly somebody who's had
transplants recently hair transplants
but even if you have it you can inject
it around here follicles to make hot
hair follicles get thicker and even
activate follicles that no longer grow
hair now watch how we inject this camera
girl if you'll come in a little bit
closer here now I'm going to do it along
the front I've parted her hair right
where we she said that she has had
thinning and I'm injecting along here
and she's surviving just fine now what
happens is these platelets they're nano
they're little millions of them in the
blood and they help start healing and
they will cause stem cells to come in
and stimulate hair growth you see I'm
injecting it and she's being real good
here I know she feels a little bit of
discomfort and after this I'm going to
go ahead and and use more PRP to
rejuvenate the skin around her cheeks
around her mouth but for now and she has
an old scar in this area and we know
I've used it on myself for a facial scar
it works amazingly well and I'm just
injecting this whole area now we're
going to look for changes and
improvements in the appearance of scars
and new hair growth in the next 60 to 90
days some people as soon as 30 days when
you do facial stimulation of skin they
will show rejuvenation I've used it
myself on my own skin
and it's amazing so here you go
now we're using today the region labs
PRP which is easy to use it's quick and
you just need a small amount of blood to
to get all the healing factors you need
to do an area this size or someone's
entire face there you go now I'm just
going to wipe some of this little loose
off here and if you'd like more
information about this just call our
office I'm dr. Thomas Barnes a Newport
Beach cosmetic surgeon lunchtime
makeovers comm you can see our our
youtube channel through our website and
our phone numbers nine four nine seven
one nine nine seven zero zero thanks for
watching